>> Zac Gordon: We've got,
in queuing JavaScript in a theme.
Now luckily, in a plugin,
it's not going to be too much different.
There's basically just one line of
code that's slightly different,
which is how we link to the file itself.
And then there's going to be an extra
hook, which will not only let us put our
code onto the front-end like
we did with the theme, but
then also load it in the admin area.
So we should be able to get
through these pretty quickly.
This should look very familiar, right?
What's the one thing that's different?
I'll give you a hint, it's in bold.
>> Zac Gordon: Remember
last time it was something like
something something URIs, scripts,
child's template,
something like that, right?
So, now we have a different
convention which is plugins_url,
we still have the path name the same but
then the actual location of where we
are is being passed in
dynamically with FILE, okay?
So this is kind of the go
to default way of doing it,
because if we tried to use a PHP code
that gave us a link to our theme folder,
that would not help us if
we were in a plugin, right?
So this code is going to give us the
plugin, but everything else is the same.
So, no big differences there.
The big difference comes from this,
again, is the exact same.
But we also have this option.
So there are two hooks that we could use,
we could use wp_enqueue_scripts, and
that will take the code that we wrote and
it will put it out on the front-end
of our site, on every page and
we could do conditional stuff as well.
And if we do admin_enqueue_scripts
that will put it on
every page of the admin area.
Now, this may not be what you want.
If you want to build a plugin
that has a plugin page, and
you have custom code that you only want
running your plugin page, or you want to
edit, let's say you want to put some
custom JavaScript on the edit page.
You don't want that dynamically loading on
the media page and all that other stuff.
So, there's some conditional logic
we could do by passing in the actual
hook in of where we are.
And then making sure that it's, I'm sorry,
if it's not equal to the page that we
want, this URL structure is weird.
toplevel_page_, and
then the name of the actual page link.
So when you're in WordPress,
if you're editing a post, it's edit.php.
If you have a custom plugin,
it could be whatever you want.
So this is whatever you want but
it's usually written more like this.
[COUGH] So, we'll assign the variable
somewhere else because you're gonna use
that URL in more than one place
if you're building out pages.
And then we have to use global
to pull it into our function and
then we just concatenate
the strings together.
So, top level page is gonna be
the exact same thing as we saw
before.
>> Zac Gordon: It's the exact
same thing as this, it's just being
abstracted out into it's own variable.
So again,
what this code is saying is saying, hey,
if you're not on my plugin page, return
now, which is gonna end that function,
exit out of this hook, and
enqueue_script will never run.
And this is something that's
fairly common in WordPress.
It's saying, hey, if you don't have this
ability or if you don't have this running,
die now or exit out now or
return now and stop.
Cool?
So this is not code that
you need to memorize,
and honestly, to go from what we learned
today into building a full plugin and
a full plugin page, I'll give you
the template code but it's not really
something that you'd probably jump
into without reading a bit more.
And there's a lot of documentation.
I have whole other courses just
on doing that kind of stuff.
So I wouldn't worry about it too much but
I do need to point out that this is
the case and it's worth practicing.
So, again, we have these
three different options here,
we can get it on the front-end, we can
get it on the admin area, everywhere,
or we can get it just on our plugin page.
And so, guess what we're doing,
I'm sorry, the links again I put these
in the repo now so if you look in
the repo you should see slides so
you could follow along if you
wanna click on any of these.
Again, everything is
documented pretty well.
You can see this last link
here now is on the codex, and
it has some stuff that hasn't made its
way over to the newer documentation yet.